When you speak or write in a human language like English, you make use of structures such as letters, words, sentences, and paragraphs to make meaning out of what otherwise be gibberish. When you write, special symbols like periods (`.`), question marks (`?`) and other punctuation help you create expressive texts. When you speak, shifts in your pitch such as raising or dropping your voice at the end of a sentence function in the same way as periods or question marks.

This all may sound obvious to you now, but think back to a time before you knew how to write, or speak, and you&rsquo;ll remember that these were all things you had to learn. You weren&rsquo; born knowing what a question mark was, even though you probably had questions (such as, &ldquo;What is a question mark?&rdquo;) back then. It took time for you to develop the skills you have now, and it&rsquo;s going to take time to do the same thing in the Bash command line language.

Like human languages, command line languages also use certain rules to denote different parts of speech. Unlike human languages, all the things you can say in a command language are, unsurprisingly, *commands*. Therefore, all sentences or questions you can say in a command language are in imperative form: &ldquo;Do this. Give me information about that.&rdquo; There is also no need for pleasantries such as please and thank-you, although there are ways to be nicer or meaner to your computer.

In a command language, you can think of each command as a single &ldquo;sentence.&rdquo; Typically, you write each sentence (command) on its own line, hence the name *command line*. This mimics a chat room, Instant Message (IM), or texting conversation, where you write one message at a time and hit the &ldquo;Send&rdquo; button when you&rsquo;re done.

On a command line interface, the <kbd>Return</kbd> or <kbd>Enter</kbd> key on your keyboard acts as the &ldquo;Send&rdquo; button, as you&rsquo;ve already seen when using the `help` command. Note especially that there is no need to end your commands with a period. Simply pressing <kbd>Return</kbd> on your keyboard is enough to indicate that you&rsquo;d like to send the command to your computer for execution.

Like human languages, where a sentence is composed of one or more words, each command &ldquo;sentence&rdquo; also has one or more *words* (that&rsquo;s the technical term, a *word*!) that are typically, but not always, separated by spaces. Earlier, when you executed the `help` command, the entire command was made up of only that single word, but most commands require at least one or two more words to be meaningful, just like most human language sentences do.

Next, let&rsquo;s try out some commands that need more than one word to be useful and learn about the different parts of a command line &ldquo;sentence.&rdquo;
