I had everyone open up the terminal on their computer, and opened it as well on the computer connected to the projector.

(Your terminal is already open; it is the textual area where you can type beside these step-by-step instructions.)

I explained that the terminal lets you interact in the computer through a language that existed before the metaphor of a &ldquo;desktop,&rdquo; much like magic is a technology that existed before the metaphor of &ldquo;industry.&rdquo; In the terminal, everything is done in a dialogue&mdash;you ask for a thing to happen through a specific command, and then the computer responds with what you asked for. And while the breadth and obscurity of commands is intimidating, it is also distinctly human. You can navigate and work within your computer with a small set of words first written a half century ago by a small group of nerds that has remained relatively unchanged since, and so the language is filled with inside jokes, college nerd humor, and references to now-forgotten technology.

The language here is also filled with magic. Even the commands you type here are commonly known as &ldquo;*invocations*&rdquo; and a string of commands to be a &ldquo;*ritual*.&rdquo;

The terminal on my projector showed green text on a black background. (In your Web-based terminal here, the colors may be different.) This green-on-black is commonly seen as a &ldquo;hacker&rdquo; aesthetic, evoking a time when most computer terminals could only be green words on a black screen. But this also has a magical connection. The reason for green and black monitors, originally, was because the computers were lit up by phosphor tubes that glowed a bright green. Phosphor is derived from phosphorus, which was discovered by accident by a medieval alchemist looking for the philosopher&rsquo;s stone&mdash;the secret to life. This alchemist, Hennig Brand, thought there was power in his urine, and if he boiled it it would condense down into this stone. The boiled urine did not give Henning eternal life, but it did become a glowing lump of phosphorus. And so his flawed seeking was condensed into new matter, which was later condensed into tubes of light for our modern modes of seeking, and condensed again into tonight&rsquo;s pure digital metaphor. Which is just a nice thing to remember as you fumble through your own strange experiments, the seeking that brings you to the edge of your own knowledge. 
