I named what we were doing a *Solarpunk Magic Circle*. So to start, I spoke briefly on what Solarpunk means (to me).

*Solarpunk* is the daring to imagine an optimistic future. It is describing the world that comes after all the nightmare structures. By describing it, you are called to actively work towards building this future. Solarpunk builds a future where nature and technology integrate in a sustainable balance, and humans tend to them while living in supportive, non-hierarchical or hateful communities. As Solarpunk describes a world of support and balance, it feels to me inherently anarchist. And because this world is one where nature and technology merge into one, it also feels inherently animist.

In animism lives the idea that all things contain spirit and agency, and if you are quiet and giving you can become aware of this spirit, this power, radiating around you&mdash;much like we can hear the soft buzz of electricity rising from the subway lines beneath the sidewalk, or almost feel the diary entries, songs, pictures and other snippets of memory travelling through our bodies in the arc of a radio wave.

I didn&rsquo;t want to speak only in the flouncy abstract, and so I offered up a personal Solarpunk future vision. Which is that computer code does not change too drastically through the years, we can all learn the basic syntax of programming languages and have a few that we are familiar with as a type of dialect or slang. And the society we live in today is pushing out so much smart technology, with computers and Wi-Fi connections built needlessly into toasters and doorbells, and so much of these devices are meant to be disposable.

So in the future, we will scavenge the tossed out appliances and know how to speak with the software bundled inside, and we will rearrange and hack them for new, beautiful uses. A person in the future will remove the water sensor from a tossed out cell-phone and solder it into a small computer they installed in the bottom of their flower pot. And so this sensor that was designed originally to better void the warranties of phones, is now configured to sense when the soil is dry, then send a message to its owner asking them to water their violet.

And in this future, the plantowner will invite a friend over for spaghetti dinner, and this friend will know both healthy leaf-coloration and basic [Python](https://python.org/) and can see the &ldquo;smartpot&rdquo; needs to be adjusted. And so with a small computer they&rsquo;ve fashioned from scavenged parts, the friend plugs directly into the violet to make a few tweaks to the homemade code. Then the two friends discuss the code change as naturally as they discuss what gives the spaghetti sauce its wonderful punch. (It&rsquo;s ginger.)

With the introduction and story completed, the group now began a simple chant exercise to help enter a trance state.
