This part was an exercise I&rsquo;d read in [Starhawk&rsquo;s *Spiral Dance*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Spiral_Dance). It&rsquo;s a group word-association game, basically, that becomes more powerful. To start, we all closed our eyes and I said a word. Then the person to the left of me would say the first word that came to their head upon hearing my word. This would continue around the circle, each person giving forward a word without thought. We did this for several passes (for as long as felt right, basically).

Then we increased the string. I said the last word of the person to my right plus the first word I thought of. The person to my left said my word plus their word. This continued around the circle, each person saying two words that were somehow connected. We did this for a while too.

Then, we increased it to the last two words spoken plus the first word you thought of. In this way, everyone said a three word string, as we went around the circle. It felt like we could continue this indefinitely, each of us adding to a subtly interlocked string of a three-word phrase in an easy rhythmic patter. But as the chant started to soften, I had us stop and stay in the quiet. Then, with our eyes still closed, we went around the circle and described the place we were now seeing in our head.

I was worried this part would be confusing or forced, but everyone easily described a vision they were now seeing&mdash;some place that was unique and lively. I asked us to all stay here a moment longer, and try to picture ourselves within each others&rsquo; described places, and enjoy how a connected chain of random utterances led to such rich visions. Then, we all opened our eyes and opened up our computers.
